It is hard to let pieces of yourself die. Sometimes, when you want to move forward,
you should let the old part of you die and fall off. That will make you lighter, and 
you can move on. Everything is infinitely complex, so believing that you can drag all
of your old garbage with you is probably a mistake. 
	
It is sort of akin to minimalism. Why keep old stuff? It just bogs you down, you have to move it around,
clean it. You have to move around it. Be hardcore about throwing away. A good life comes from throwing 
away old shit. Aim at growing as much as you can. You cannot grow with old shit clinging to you. 
Besides, you are only as good as what you ship. So, what about shipping some stuff?

Make it in a way that is cool. Ship the thing. Move on, and do something else. That is the way. No one
cares if you have an engine that can support multiple things. 

Who is that guy? Oh, he is the guy who shipped that _thing_. 

Like. I made Deadliners. That is one codebase. Now, I am working on the next. Which seems to 
be this square like puzzle game. About discovery and the recognition of religious ideas.

IF I want side projects, I need to be able to abandon them quickly, or ship them as well. It's just not
worth it having to drag along luggage in this life. Be minimalist with your stuff. And treat 
code as stuff. 

What would happen if I fixed as much as possible around me? 

So, I have this dungeon program. It has a hex map, it has assets, is has camera movement.
But I cannot use it for anything. It does not keep my intereset up. So basically the result it 
gave me was the render groups thing. With clipping. I keep thinking I have to make this file
parser stuff so it integrates easily with that program. I think now, that is a mistake. I am never
going to finish the program. You cannot stop in the middle of a project and come back to it. You have
forgotten the details. You can make one project, ship it, then make the next. Along the way you can
pick up small ideas, that will make the next project better. But thinking you can keep going with 
all this garbage behind you is simply wrong. And, furthermore, when you do a new project you don't 
want all that old stuff! You want to make new stuff. And the stuff that is tedious to make will be
much easier to do. Spending time integrating new stuff with the old stuff that you are never going to
ship is wasteful of your time. Think about the abstraction layers. Think about what the simple problem
I have is. And solve that problem. So, make a thing. 